{"asin": "B000A1329U", "salesRank": {"Cell Phones & Accessories": 309907}, "related": {"also_viewed": ["B0016JDBYG", "B005SHQHSE", "B005KSVG6Y", "B00EN6D8H4", "B0061GJ74C", "B0076ML4LY", "B00F9RRVUG", "B004WLBTEY", "B007N0RAXK", "B00710MZOQ", "B006QO8QUA", "B004EUJD9Q", "B0057GL15K", "B0009FCAJA", "B007X6FFLS", "B005KME38I"]}, "categories": [["Cell Phones & Accessories", "Cell Phones", "Unlocked Cell Phones"], ["Sports & Outdoors", "Fan Shop", "Cell Phone Accessories"]], "description": "Thin is definitely in. At just over a half-inch thick, the Motorola RAZR V3 is the perfect combination of sleek design and powerful features. And now you can get it dressed in gorgeous black. This special edition version kicks the style up a notch and demands attention. With long-range Bluetooth, support for video playback, a VGA (640 x 480) camera and a gorgeous color screen, the RAZR V3 is everything you're looking for in a stylish mobile companion. Get the most out of your Cingular service with this impressive quad-band phone.Bluetooth Wireless TechnologyStay connected without wires. Choose from a range of optional Bluetooth accessories.Digital CameraCapture your world in style. Create memorable images with the effective 4 x digital zoom and quick exposure controls.Soft Touch Black FinishThe ultra-thin black Moto RAZR is superbly soft to touch.Built-in SpeakerphoneKeep the conversation flowing when you're busy by going hands-free. Or exchange ideas in a conference call.MPEG4 Video PlaybackDownload and watch sports action and music clips. They're all beautifully displayed on the large 2.2 color display.DesignThe RAZR V3's design takes the standard clamshell form factor to the next level with an impressive, fully-anodized, black aluminum construction. A large 176 x 220 color display with 262,000 colors dominates the inside of the top cover. The outside cover of the handset sports a supplementary 96 x 80 full-color display that can display pictures, time, call information, battery and signal strength, and more. The VGA camera lens is housed above this display. Up/down buttons are placed on the left side for volume control while a voice button on the right side of the unit allows you to enter voice memos and create voice dialing profiles. Most of the phone's features and on-screen menus are controlled by a five-way center button on the handset's backlit control pad, which is precision cut from a single sheet of nickel-plated copper alloy. A charging port and USB data cable port is placed on the bottom of the phone.Calling FeaturesThe RAZR V3's internal phone book can hold up to 1000 contacts while the phone's picture ID system allows you to assign pictures to your most common callers. It also supports polyphonic ringtones as well as MP3 ringers, allowing you to use portions of your favorite songs to alert you to incoming calls. A number of ringtones come preloaded on the phone and more ringtones can be downloaded from Cingular Wireless' MEdia service. There's even an included application, MotoMixer, that lets you mix your own ringtones. For times when you want to be discreet, there's a vibrating alert. A built-in speakerphone makes it easy to talk without having the phone to your ear while voice activated dialing makes calling your friends, family and associates as easy as saying their names.Because the RAZR V3 is Bluetooth enabled, wireless headsets can be configured with the phone for total handsfree operation.Messaging, Internet and ToolsThe RAZR V3 is a messaging and wireless Internet powerhouse. Support is built in for sending and receiving pictures, text, graphics, sound and video via messages. When used in combination with the phone's built-in still and video camera, MMS opens up a whole new world of messaging fun. Instant messaging is also supported via AOL Instant Messenger and the phone ships with a built-in email client with support for POP3, IMAP4 and SMTP protocols (Cingular messaging charges apply). There's also a built-in web browser for MEdia downloads and mobile web browsing. Cingular's MEdia service lets you receive and send emails, read news headlines, get weather updates, download games and ringtones, and more. iTap text entry, which is a technology that makes it easier for people to enter words and text on handsets, is built into the unit-- a plus for mobile email and text messaging users.Thin is in: The RAZR's keypad is precision cut from a single sheet of nickel-plated copper alloy.Getting on the Internet is easy with the RAZR V3 as it supports Cingular's GSM-based Wireless Internet Express service. When used with a Cingular data plan and the phone's Bluetooth or USB data capability, the phone can be used as a wireless modem for laptops and PDAs.A number of handy software tools are bundled with the RAZR V3 including a voice memo recorder, a calculator with currency converter, a calendar and an alarm clock. Use the phone's Bluetooth capability to set up a wireless link with a Bluetooth accessory or connect to a computer or hand-held device to exchange and synchronize data. The phone also supports the SyncML PC synchronization standard, can be used with Motorola's Mobile Phone Tools PC application to manage and synchronize contacts, calendar and other data with your PC.Imaging and EntertainmentWith 5 MB of internal memory storage, the RAZR V3 shines in the entertainment department. The phone's VGA camera features a 4x zoom, image quality options, and an auto-timer so you can be in your pictures, too. Capture stills and then send them to your friends via MMS messaging or email, or to your PC via USB or Bluetooth. The phone is capable of MPEG4 video playback when you receive a video message, or if you upload video to the phone via USB or Bluetooth. The RAZR V3 also supports custom graphics for wallpapers so you can dress up the phone to suit your fancy.Support for gaming is built into the phone and games are available for download via the Cingular MEdia service.Operating the RAZR Battery DoorThe RAZR V3's battery cover is designed to have a very tight fit with the phone case. You may need to use your fingernail or a very thin instrument to depress the small battery cover release button. When replacing the cover, make sure the cover securely snaps into place before operating the phone.Vital StatisticsThe Motorola RAZR V3 weighs 3.35 ounces and measures 3.86 x 2.09 x .54 inches. Its lithium-ion battery is rated at up to 6.67 hours of digital talk time, and up to 250 hours of digital standby time. It runs on the 850/900/1800/1900 MHz GSM/GPRS frequencies. The phone comes with a one year limited warranty.What's in the BoxRAZR V3 handset, lithium-ion battery, travel charger, user's manual."}