{"asin": "B000UWDU5K", "description": "The slim, pocket-sized AT&T; Tilt smartphone is bursting at the seams with a full-menu of wireless capabilities to keep you connected wherever you roam on this globe--quad-band GSM for global roaming, Wi-Fi, EDGE, and 3G data connectivity via AT&T;'s UMTS/HSDPA-based BroadbandConnect network. Practical and versatile, the phone's face slides open to reveal a full QWERTY keyboard while the screen tilts for optimal viewing of email, spreadsheets, and web videos. It also adds the power of the Windows Mobile 6 operating system (Professional Edition), which provides push email for immediate send and receive as well as editing of Microsoft Office documents. (See more details about Windows Mobile 6 below.)With its high-speed 3G network capability, you'll be able to access AT&T;'s Mobile Music and Cellular Video services, and the phone includes the latest version of Telenav GPS Navigator for turn-by-turn directions while on the go. One of the most powerful, feature-packed smartphones on the market, the AT&T; Tilt also includes a 3-megapixel camera (with video capabilities), Bluetooth connectivity with stereo music streaming and multiple connection capability, MicroSD memory card expansion up to 4 GB, and a variety of games for when you need a break (including Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07 and Ms. Pac-Man).The AT&T; Tilt is a veritable wireless Swiss Army Knife, with quad-band GSM, tri-band 3G, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth connectivity as well as a GPS receiver.AT&T; ServiceThe AT&T; Tilt can handle high-speed data connectivity via AT&T;'s 3G mobile broadband data network, which is available in most major metropolitan areas. The AT&T; 3G network uses the UMTS 850/1900/2100 network (also known as WCDMA), making it possible to enjoy a variety of feature-rich wireless multimedia services with speeds up to 3.6 Mbps. It also gives AT&T; the advantage of offering simultaneous voice and data services. You'll also enjoy 3G broadband speed connectivity across the globe with tri-band UMTS/HSDPA capabilities, which allows the Tilt to operate in Japan and Korea, in addition to the more than 135 countries in which AT&T; offers international data roaming.In areas where the 3G network is not available, you'll continue to receive service on the AT&T; EDGE network, which offers availability in more than 13,000 US cities and along some 40,000 miles of major highways. Providing average data speeds between 75-135Kbps, it's fast enough to support a wide range of advanced data services, including video and music clips, full picture and video messaging, high-speed color Internet access, and email on the go.With 3G connectivity, you'll be able to access AT&T;'s Cellular Video (CV) service and the Internet while on the go. Cellular Video features content from CNN, The Weather Channel, iFilm, Comedy Central and exclusive premium content from HBO and much more. It also features AT&T; Mobile Music, which provides access to Napster and eMusic subscription services as well as Music ID song-recognition software, music videos and The Buzz music news portal. The handset is XM Radio Mobile-capable, so you can enjoy streaming live digital radio as well. (An AT&T; MEdia Max subscription bundle is recommended for accessing AT&T;'s Internet, video, and music services.)Like a micro laptop, the AT&T; Tilt features a full QWERTY keyboard and a face/touchscreen that tilts up to 40 degrees.Phone FeaturesAkin to a micro laptop, the AT&T; Tilt's face/touchscreen tilts up to a maximum of 40 degrees, and the variable screen angle can be positioned to suit your needs, whether you're catching up on email, browsing the Web, or playing a game. The QWERTY keypad offers roomy, rectangular buttons that are tactile and backlit, making it easy to type with both thumbs while on the go. The large 2.8-inch touchscreen has a 240 x 320-pixel resolution and support for up to 65K colors. It sports a 256 MB memory (not all user available) and a MicroSD memory card slot, which is compatible with the latest 4 GB capacity.This smartphone has an integrated Wi-Fi LAN (802.11b/g), enabling seamless connectivity with wireless networks at work, at home, and on the roam via Wi-Fi hotspots at airports and coffee shops. For an additional charge, you can connect to any of the 10,000 AT&T; hotspot locations in the U.S. and tens of thousands more abroad. The AT&T; Tilt supports Bluetooth 2.0, which allows up to six Bluetooth devices to be wirelessly connected simultaneously to the device--one of which can be a Bluetooth stereo headset for listening to music.Featuring the latest version of Telenav GPS Navigator, you'll enjoyGPS-enabled turn-by-turn voice and on-screen driving direction, colorful 3D moving maps and traffic delay alerts with re-routing for use in vehicles or while walking.  New features debuting on the Tilt include address sharing--allowing you to share your location with friends and associates--and reading, rating and sharing business listings like restaurants and more. Business users also can utilize TeleNav Track a fully hosted, on-demand and comprehensive GPS-based workforce-management solution.In addition to Microsoft Direct Push, the AT&T; Tilt will be the first Windows Mobile device in North America to include the Blackberry Connect email service, which also enables familiar wireless synchronization of calendar, contacts and tasks for users.  BlackBerry Connect 4.0 supports push email for Microsoft Exchange Server, Lotus Notes/Domino and Novell Groupwise through the BlackBerry Enterprise Server and personal email through the BlackBerry Internet Service. You can also use the AT&T; Tilt to access your personal email through AT&T;'s Xpress Mail service, enabling you to receive email from most major POP3/IMAP personal email services pushed to the AT&T; Tilt at pre-set intervals. AT&T; Xpress Mail can perform two-way wireless synchronization of their calendars, access contact lists and view attachments.Beyond business functionality, the AT&T; Tilt is made for fun and games as well.  The device is preloaded with free and premium games and applications including Ms. PAC-MAN, Brain Challenge, Bubble breaker, Midnight Pool, Solitaire, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07, MobiTV, and MyCast. Other features include:Instant messaging via AOL, Yahoo!, and Microsoft LiveMusic format support: AAC, AAC+, eAAC, MP3, WMA, WAV, MPEG4, AMRRecord videos and voice memos as long as you have available space on an optional memory cardFull duplex speakerphoneFlight mode turns off cellular network and Wi-Fi for enjoying stored music and videoUSB 2.0 wired connectivityPush-to-talk capabilityVital StatisticsThe AT&T; Tilt weighs 6.7 ounces and measures 4.41 x 2.32 x 0.75 inches. Its 1350 mAh lithium-ion battery is rated at up to 4 hours of talk time, and up to 10 days of digital standby time. It runs on the 850/900/1800/1900 GSM/GPRS/EDGE frequencies, as well as the 850/1900/2100 UMTS/HSDPA 3G frequencies.Powered by Windows Mobile 6Windows Mobile 6 adds power to your mobile office with up-to-date e-mail delivery and automatic synchronization of Outlook calendars.&#xA0;Edit Word documents and Excel spreadsheets on your phone, just as you would on your desktop/laptop PC.Microsoft's Windows Mobile 6 updates the Windows Mobile 5 platform with a number of handy features that make searching through email, editing Microsoft Office documents, and staying on top of your most important communications even easier. Emails can now be viewed in their original rich HTML format and now offer the ability to visit embedded links. It also includes Windows Live for Windows Mobile, which provides a full set of Windows Live services, such as the Windows Live Messenger IM application, which now enables you to chat with more than one person at one time or send a file.With Windows Mobile 6, your phone will finally be able to emulate the power and features of your PC's Microsoft Office suite. You'll be able to neatly view, navigate and edit Word documents and Excel spreadsheets in their original formatting--without affecting tables, images or text--as well as view PowerPoint presentations.Microsoft Office Word Mobile features include spell-check, Find and Replace commands, bulleted lists, text formatting, and support for tables for the first time.With Excel Mobile, you're not just confined to editing charts: with the new Chart Wizard you can create charts quickly and easily.PowerPoint Mobile allows you to view the full presentation, rehearse timings, check the order and any live links you may have in your presentation. You can then email comments back to the team or communicate via MSN Messenger for an immediate response.After creating or editing a Word document or Excel spreadsheet, you can synchronize it with your PC and it will automatically be converted to the PC version.All Windows Mobile 6 powered devices include Direct Push Technology for up-to-date e-mail delivery and automatic synchronization of Outlook calendars, tasks and contacts through Microsoft Exchange Server. It also offers a set of important device security and management features that include the capability to remotely wipe all data from a device should it be lost or stolen, helping ensure that confidential information remains that way.", "price": 54.79, "related": {"also_viewed": ["B00E45043A", "B0087KVOO6", "B009CEZGKE", "B00B4HLLB0", "B00EMHUAN4", "B007J5AAW2", "B007INF67O", "B00GJY6Y7E", "B005HGKDCM", "B00FJ79WCQ", "B009EAFP0W", "B005P1O1UO", "B006IGJFBA", "B00280QJFU", "B00F2SGBXK", "B001LYPEVE", "B0084DYUK6", "B005ISAMXY", "B00E6FHHY2", "B008DKPGP8", "B0086ZV2M6", "B0055JCJH8", "B00F9RRVUG", "B003WFU51E", "B00G8EZIJ0", "B00CL8XDF8", "B00E6FGSHY", "B006AB0JMC", "B00FJBFTDS", "B00B4HO91O", "B004ZLV5PE", "B00AUWS9VA", "B00FJ9F50C", "B00E89FFO0", "B00BNR5AWM", "B00DRNAT7G"], "buy_after_viewing": ["B00E45043A", "B003WFU51E", "B004T36GCU", "B0087KVOO6"]}, "salesRank": {"Cell Phones & Accessories": 294653}, "categories": [["Cell Phones & Accessories", "Cell Phones", "Contract Cell Phones"]]}