{"asin": "B001DN5030", "categories": [["Cell Phones & Accessories", "Cell Phones", "Unlocked Cell Phones"]], "description": "The followup to the sensationally popular N95, the Nokia N96 is a veritable Swiss Army knife packed with all the mobile communication, multimedia, location and computing tools you need. With a large 2.8-inch screen, 16 GB of internal memory, additional MicroSD expansion, and support for high-quality videos in a wide range of formats, the dual-slide Nokia N96 represents an exciting new chapter in mobile media.The Nokia N96 multimedia computer has a large 2.8-inch screen.Its face slides up to reveal an alpha/numeric keypad.The quad-band Nokia N96 GSM/EDGE phone makes it easy to roam globally and stay in touch with voice and text messaging, and this model is also ready to run on 3G networks here in the US (850/1900 MHz HSDPA), enabling fast downloads and streaming multimedia while on the go. It also includes integrated Wi-Fi connectivity (802.11b/g) for accessing open networks at work, at home, and on the road from a variety of wireless hotspots. You'll also be able to connect to a wide variety of peripherals--including stereo headphones--with the Bluetooth 2.0+EDR capabilities.It's based on S60 software operating on the Symbian OS, enabling you to personalize the N96 by choosing from a wide choice of compatible applications that can be downloaded--including games, navigation, entertainment, and productivity titles. Other features include a 5-megapixel camera/camcorder with Carl Zeiss optics, assisted GPS (A-GPS) for navigation using the Nokia Maps application and geotagging of photos, FM radio, USB 2.0 connectivity, TV-out capability for displaying photos and videos on external televisions, access to live TV (operator service using DVB-H or streaming over 3G, where available), and up to 3.7 hours of GSM talk time.This unlocked cell phone can be used with a GSM network service provider and it provides quad-band connectivity (850 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 1900 MHz). It does not come with a SIM card, and it requires that you provide a SIM card for usage with your selected service provider.Phone FeaturesOffering a design similar to the N95, the N96 has a large 2.8-inch LCD screen with a 240 x 320-pixel resolution and support for up to 16 million colors for terrific depth when viewing photos or playing immersive 3D games. The screen also offers Auto UI rotation based on the integrated  accelerometer. The innovative 2-way slide concept makes it easy to switch between different modes, going from reading maps to watching a video with a simple slide. A numeric keypad slides out from one end of the device while dedicated media keys slide out from the opposite direction, converting the display into full screen landscape mode. In addition to the internal 16 GB memory, the N96 also offers memory expansion via optional MicroSDHC media up to 8 GB in size--providing a whopping 24 GB of mobile storage, enough for up to 40 hours of high-quality video.The phone also slides down to reveal media playback controls, and the screen auto-rotates from portrait to landscape for optimal video viewing.Capture vivid still imagery with the 5-megapixel Carl Zeiss lens, as well as smooth DVD-quality video.The Nokia N96 actually has two cameras, a high-resolution, 5-megapixel camera on the back of the device and a lower resolution camera on the front (VGA resolution, 640 x 480) on the front of the phone for video calls (requires network compatibility). The main camera on the back of the N95 supports an image capture resolution of 2592 x 1944 pixels. You can use both cameras to take still pictures and record videos. It allows DVD-like quality video capture at 30 frames per second at VGA resolution (640 x 480 pixels). Further, with the integrated A-GPS, you can now \"geotag\" pictures with location data and share them with online communities.With the Carl Zeiss optics on the 5-megapixel camera, you can capture print quality photos and DVD-like quality video clips. Carl Zeiss, a world leader in high quality camera lenses, brings an award-winning legacy to the Nokia N96 with state-of-the-art optics for mobile photography and mobile video. The Zeiss name has been associated with cameras from Hasselblad, Rollei, Yashica, Sony, and Nikon. This auto-focus Carl Zeiss Tessar lens has a 5.2mm focal length, F2.8 aperture, focus range as close as 10cm. The camera also features a flash, video light, auto-focus assist light, self-timer, white balance and exposure compensation settings, scene settings, and digital video stabilization.Images are saved as JPEG or EXIF files while videos are recorded in the MPEG-4 file format with the .mp4 file extension, or in the 3GPP file format with the .3gp file extension (sharing quality). Photos and video clips can be enjoyed on a compatible television thanks to the device's TV out feature and support for Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) technology.Accessing internet videos is quick and simple. The Nokia N96 supports common video formats including MPEG-4, Windows Media Video and Flash Video, making favorite videos easy to view. The Nokia Video Center also offers one place to discover and access a variety of mobile content ranging from movie trailers and comedy to news from world-leading content brands such as YouTube, Reuters, and Sony Pictures. Transferring and accessing videos is even faster with the high-speed USB 2.0 connection and WLAN and HSDPA support. In select markets, the integrated DVB-H receiver offers live broadcast TV with an automatically updating program guide. For added convenience, the Nokia N96 features a \"kickstand\" on the back cover that allows for hands-free viewing.For a superb music experience, the Nokia N96 features media keys, a 3.5 mm headphone connector and built-in 3D stereo speakers. You'll easily be able to control playback with the dedicated media keys, and the digital music player supports playlist editing, equalizer and categorized access to your music collection. You'll also enjoy podcasts, Internet radio, and access to FM radio with RDS.The back of the phone includes a kickstand for easy handsfree viewing of videos.Side profile of the N96.This smartphone has an integrated Wi-Fi LAN (802.11b/g), enabling seamless connectivity with wireless networks at work, at home, and on the roam via Wi-Fi hotspots at airports and coffee shops. Because the N96 is Bluetooth enabled (with version 2.0+EDR), wireless communication headsets can be configured with the phone for total hands-free operation. It also offers Bluetooth stereo audio support (A2DP), enabling you to enjoy your music without any wires. If your laptop is Bluetooth enabled, you can connect wirelessly and enjoy dial-up networking (DUN)--surf the Internet, send email, and access files from a server.With A-GPS functionality, you'll be able find your route quickly and easily, whether walking or driving (A-GPS is a network dependant feature that requires a data plan; additional charges may apply). The Nokia Maps application offers richer maps with urban details and satellite views and the ability to search and download information about points of interests, such as restaurants, hotels, companies, travel agencies, airports, and more. It also provides optional upgrades such as City Guides, turn-by-turn pedestrian mode and voice-guided car navigation.The N96 has all the bases covered when it comes to messaging. Support is built in for sending and receiving text, video, graphics and sound via messages. It also enables you to check your email on the go (supporting POP3, IMAP4, and SMTP protocols). T9 text entry, which is a technology that makes it easier for people to enter words and text on handsets, is built into the unit--a plus for mobile text messaging users.View web pages as they were originally intended with the integrated Nokia Web Browser, which enables you to zoom out to a full screen view of the entire page using the Mini Map feature. Find the section you want and then zoom in to the content you need. The text instantly adjusts to the size of your screen. The browser also keeps a history of your browsing so you can quickly get back to where you started.Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) technology means that this Nokia phone will discover, interact with, and control other compatible home electronic devices. This includes PCs, media centers, home entertainment systems, new smart appliances, home automation systems, networked peripherals, and Web-based services. With compatible equipment, you can stream video from your Nokia device directly to your TV, or hear music tracks stored on your PC through your living room's sound system.Other features include:Supports the Ovi family of Nokia internet services, including maps, music, media sharing and moreN-Gage application with try-and-buy gamesMusic playback: MP3, AAC, eAAC, eAAC+, WMAVideo playback: MPEG-4 / SP and MPEG-4 AVC/H.264, up to 30 fps, up to VGA resolution (scaled max QVGA on device, SDTV on TV-out); RealVideo up to QCIF at 30 fpsBluetooth version 2.0 with the following profiles: A2DP (stereo music streaming), AVRC (remote control), HFP (hands-free car kits), HSP (communication headsets), BIP (for sending images to another device), DUN (dial-up networking), FTP (file transfer), OPP (object push for business cards, calendar items, and pictures)128MB RAM, 256MB system memory (operating system plus dynamic user data area)3.5mm stereo headset plug , TV-out support (PAL/NTSC)Wi-Fi supports WEP, WPA, and WPA2 security settingsSpeaker-independent voice commandsDocument viewer (compatible with Excel, PowerPoint, Word, PDF, ZIP)Flight modeVital StatisticsThe Nokia N96 weighs 4.4 ounces and measures 4.06 x 2.17 x 0.71 inches. Its 950 mAh lithium-ion battery is rated at up to 3.7 hours of GSM talk time (2.5 hours on 3G networks), and up to 220 hours of GSM standby time (200 hours on 3G networks. It runs on the 850/900/1800/1900 GSM/GPRS/EDGE frequencies as well as the 850/1900 MHz HSDPA 3G frequencies found in the US.What's in the BoxHandset, battery, travel charger (AC-5U), connectivity cable (CA-101), video-out cable (CA-75U), wired stereo headset and remote (HS-45, AD-54), mobile car charger, documentation", "title": "Nokia N96 16 GB Unlocked Phone with 5 MP Camera, 3G, GPS, Media Player, and Micro SD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)", "price": 119.99, "salesRank": {"Cell Phones & Accessories": 153166}, "imUrl": "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41OtX9G1tFL._SY300_.jpg", "related": {"also_bought": ["B002660T7A", "B000PEOLAG", "B0034THXTK", "B00295RBNI", "B0030T0UVC", "B0010PRA0C"], "buy_after_viewing": ["B000PEOLAG", "B004TS2GJC", "B00CKUBLFQ", "B00295RBNI"]}}