{"asin": "B002IKEB14", "categories": [["Cell Phones & Accessories", "Accessories", "Car Accessories", "Car Speakerphones"], ["Electronics", "Car & Vehicle Electronics", "Vehicle Electronics Accessories", "Audio & Video Accessories", "Bluetooth Car Kits"]], "description": "The Motorola T215 Bluetooth&reg; Car Speakerphone gives you all the features you need for easy, hands-free communication. The T215's powerful two-watt speaker easily overcomes road noise, so you can clearly hear your conversations in the car. Best of all, the T215 has a long-lasting charge that can provide up to 36 hours of talk time--the longest cycle of any portable Bluetooth speakerphone on the market.Motorola T215 Bluetooth&reg; Car SpeakerphoneAt a Glance:Bluetooth speakerphone allows for hands-free conversations while driving.Two-watt speaker overpowers road noise and ensures call clarity.Charge provides up to 36 hours of talk time--the longest talk time of any portable speakerphone.The T215 attaches securely to the visor of your car.Hands-Free Operation for Safe, On-the-Road ChattingFully Bluetooth-enabled, the T215 wirelessly syncs with your mobile device, so you can talk hands-free. Simply clip the T215 to the visor and you're ready to go. With a powerful speaker and up to 36 hours of talk time, you'll be talking more confidently--and more safely--than ever before.Two-Watt Speaker Enhances Call ClarityWith the help of the T215's robust two-watt speaker, your conversations will be heard above engine humming, road noise, and other ambient disruptions. The speakerphone features advanced noise and echo-reducing duplex technology that ensures every word of your conversation comes through in loud, crisp audio. And fewer echoes mean that you'll be talking to--and not over--the person on the other end. In addition, the T215's easy-to-access volume control allows for adjustments as you talk.Long-Lasting Charge Provides Hours of ConversationThanks to the T215's ultra-long-lasting battery charge, you won't have to worry about your speakerphone unexpectedly disconnecting in the middle of a call. The charge can last for up to 36 hours of talk time--the longest talk time available for any portable speakerphone. The unit will remain charged for up to 600 hours on standby, meaning that a single charge can last for weeks. A micro-USB car charger is included for added convenience.The 2 Watt speaker provides loud, crisp call clarity.Convenient Call Options at the Touch of a ButtonWith the T215, you'll gain access to several convenient calling functions, including quick dialing, call waiting, and mute. Additionally, a Bluetooth indicator confirms when the speakerphone is connected to your Bluetooth device. All of these functions are available at the touch of a button, so you won't have to compromise your safety while driving.The T215 comes with a visor clip for convenient placement in your automobile. It also has wide-ranging Bluetooth compatibility, supporting versions 1.1, 1.2, and 2.0 + EDR.About MotorolaMotorola, a recognized leader in mobile connectivity, is committed to developing tools and technologies to make people's lives easier, more efficient, and more connected. Founded in 1928, Motorola's prominent record of invention and innovation includes equipment that carried the first words spoken from the moon as well as the world's first handheld cellular phone. Now, with their new line of Bluetooth&reg; headsets, Motorola continues to change the shape of communications by developing technologies to eliminate boundaries for people, businesses, and public safety agencies, enhancing and advancing how they communicate.Enjoy convenient and safe hands-free conversation in your car.", "title": "Motorola T215 Bluetooth Portable Car Speaker (Black)[Retail Packaging]", "price": 49.46, "salesRank": {"Cell Phones & Accessories": 133296}, "imUrl": "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41Sgk0cs4JL._SY300_.jpg", "related": {"also_bought": ["B004OBYWBO", "B000S5Q9CA", "B004EYSKM8", "B002T4IM9G", "B004877KOK", "B004PVPUGE", "B004ULOZRY"], "bought_together": ["B000S5Q9CA"], "buy_after_viewing": ["B004877KOK", "B004XZHY34", "B004OBYWBO", "B0043M668G"]}}